Miss, you know why they chose me
donkey again to make the
manger of the quiet dakar pastorela
I am the only soul that has a disguise
excuse the burn unit be that
is what is your name barack obama
uyuyuy but if it's nothing more and nothing less
that the president of the USA who brings him
again here do not tell me do not tell me the
pachanga that he brought with the first
Minister of Denmark during the
ceremony in honor of Nelson Mandela and the
reaction of his wife wife about it
true, yes, yes, yes, because
that you were in the cork taking yourself
photos with the danish helle thorning
schmidt and the British Prime Minister
David Cameron
the images that went around the world
were those of a not very pleased
michelle obama no no no he was not
angry not so if you think the first
lady gringa was not angry it makes me
that you are worse for the language of
signs that the guy they put on the disk
translate the speeches of the event I
not having seen the subject you mentioned is
not because he missed what would have been
the biggest scandal of the ceremony but
that thanks to you it was not nothing not to
principle the type very in your paper not
but as no more did not leave the
same 3 or 4 gestures who
they understand the sign language of
They not immediately began to complain
tell me like that but going back to their own
better follow me talking about the interpreter
nothing better tell us how it was
later because to pamir adif to that he has
your lady is like those who throw
the old ladies of the house when the new
boyfriend of the girl begins to be
disfigures in family food or as
the one that the wives throw at them all
women who dare to say hello
kiss their husbands in the inns
organized in the companies in which
they work or like the one that the star
of death threw the planet to the
they were not me being the new that if they
they know there was no danger that there was
danger not to if that were true
michelle obama would be the first woman
that does not distrust a good blonde
see that you saw the fashion that is
used to getting what he wants and
whose husband lives in another country that is that
for tax reasons but the rumor
is that
what will be the rumor as they say and
believe me I do not know if it is true that
between them there is no say intimacy not
because I believe that to that vicens
The water makes the canoe makes it water
the canoe giske new mix water came to me
understand that they are metal they are what is
what is said and how at certain levels there are
that look after appearances there will be god and
then you come here with a look in
denmark sure is exotic laughing at
all the sluts that sure is
I counted in my ear
It's obvious that Dona Michele was going to
embody in panther from one moment to another
I repeat, it was not like that, and it sure is not so
it was so when you tried
go back to your place behind throwing a
speech ran into that your lady already
had squashed next to the Danish not
yes but that does not mean that the leader
of the most powerful nation in the world be
dominated by a woman who although
talented and intelligent can not and should not
commitment
6 has no end
nicasio which is going to put today in the
cineclub the one of 'the hobbit' the desolation
of smoke the doctor or oral is cool
Well, if you compare it with the delivery
previous is 22 but if you compare it with
the trilogy of the Lord of the Rings'
as you have left baby flat out is
slow one thing that was to be expected
when we learned that from a booklet
they wanted to get three films out of two
hours and a half but offers enough
emotions so that followers
of the saga is excited and now who
they leave the gandalf or the magician
barbón is the ian mckellen that is the
magneto no el bilbo is the martin freeman
the orlando bloom reappears as legolas
the cate blanchett makes it from the
Galadriel and him Benedict Cumberbatch or
can be the trip to the stars you
we give the dragon a burning breath but
if it 's worth it if the doctor
technically it does not have but yes although
as every second act has its loopholes
leaves the stage all set for
third and last installment is already yes
to eat caesar salad the doctor already
you know so what about the dragon breath
be even
I take listerine then miss
now for the inn he would like
disguising yourself as a piñata would give me
pretext to be able to grab the apa
miss miss huila